[PROTOCOL Change Request] Return latestTableVersion in the CommitStore.getCommits API (#2712)
delta-io/delta: protocol_rfcs/managed-commits.md

have no way to determine which file in `_delta_log/_commits` directory corresponds to the actual commit `v`.

The commit-owner is responsible to implement an API (defined by the Delta client) that Delta clients can use to retrieve information about un-backfilled commits maintained

> by the commit-owner. The API must also return the latest version of the table ratified by commit-owner (if any).

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
by the commit-owner. The API must also return the latest version of the table ratified by the commit-owner (if any).
```

     * Note that the first version returned by this API may not be equal to the `startVersion`. This
     * happens when few versions starting from `startVersion` are already backfilled and so
     * CommitStore may have stopped tracking them.

>      * The returned latestTableVersion is the maximum commit version ratified by the Commit-Owner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * The returned latestTableVersion is the maximum commit version ratified by the commit-owner.
```

     * Note that returning latestTableVersion as -1 is acceptable only if the commit-owner never

>      * ratified any version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     * ratified any version. i.e. it never accepted any un-backfilled commit.
```

     * Note that the first version returned by this API may not be equal to the `startVersion`. This
     * happens when few versions starting from `startVersion` are already backfilled and so
     * CommitStore may have stopped tracking them.
     * The returned latestTableVersion is the maximum commit version ratified by the Commit-Owner.
     * Note that returning latestTableVersion as -1 is acceptable only if the commit-owner never
     * ratified any version i.e. it never accepted any un-backfilled commit.
     *

>      * @return GetCommitsResponse which has a list of `Commit` and the latestTableVersion which are
>      *         tracked by commit-owner.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
     * @return GetCommitsResponse which contains a list of `Commit`s and the latestTableVersion
     *         tracked by the commit-owner.
```
